---
layout: "acme"
page_title: "ACME: RFC 2136 DNS Challenge Provider"
sidebar_current: "docs-acme-dns-providers-rfc2136"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage certificates on an ACME CA.
---

# RFC 2136 DNS Challenge Provider

The `rfc2136` DNS challenge provider can be used to perform DNS challenges for
the [`acme_certificate`][resource-acme-certificate] resource with
an [RFC 2136][provider-service-page]-compatible DNS server.

[resource-acme-certificate]: /docs/providers/acme/r/certificate.html
[provider-service-page]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2136

For complete information on how to use this provider with the `acme_certifiate`
resource, see [here][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges].

[resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges]: /docs/providers/acme/r/certificate.html#using-dns-challenges

## Example

```hcl
resource "acme_certificate" "certificate" {
  ...

  dns_challenge {
    provider = "rfc2136"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments can be either passed as environment variables, or
directly through the `config` block in the
[`dns_challenge`][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenge-arg] argument in the
[`acme_certificate`][resource-acme-certificate] resource. For more details, see
[here][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges].

[resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenge-arg]: /docs/providers/acme/r/certificate.html#dns_challenge

In addition, arguments can also be stored in a local file, with the path
supplied by supplying the argument with the `_FILE` suffix. See
[here][acme-certificate-file-arg-example] for more information.

[acme-certificate-file-arg-example]: /docs/providers/acme/r/certificate.html#using-variable-files-for-provider-arguments

-> To disable TSIG authentication, leave the specific TSIG variables unset.

* `RFC2136_NAMESERVER` - The network address of the DNS server to send the
  updates to. Can be in the form of `HOST` or `HOST:PORT`.
* `RFC2136_TSIG_ALGORITHM` - The TSIG algorithm to use. Can be one of
  `hmac-md5.sig-alg.reg.int.` (HMAC-MD5), `hmac-sha1.` (HMAC-SHA1),
  `hmac-sha256.` (HMAC-SHA256), or `hmac-sha512.` (HMAC-SHA512). Default:
  `hmac-md5.sig-alg.reg.int.`
* `RFC2136_TSIG_KEY` - The TSIG secret key name.
* `RFC2136_TSIG_SECRET` - The TSIG secret key payload.

The following additional optional variables are available:

* `RFC2136_POLLING_INTERVAL` - The amount of time, in seconds, to wait between
  DNS propagation checks (default: `2`).
* `RFC2136_PROPAGATION_TIMEOUT` - The amount of time, in seconds, to wait for DNS
  propagation (default: `60`). Can also be specified by `RFC2136_TIMEOUT`.
* `RFC2136_TTL` - The TTL to set on DNS challenge records, in seconds (default:
  `120`).
* `RFC2136_DNS_TIMEOUT` - The timeout on DNS UPDATE requests (default:
  `10`).
* `RFC2136_SEQUENCE_INTERVAL` - The time to wait between DNS challenges (default:
  `60`).
