---
page_title: "rfc2136"
subcategory: "DNS Providers"
---

-> The following documentation is auto-generated from the ACME
provider's API library [lego](https://go-acme.github.io/lego/).  Some
sections may refer to lego directly - in most cases, these sections
apply to the Terraform provider as well.

# DNS Update (RFC2136) DNS Challenge Provider

The `rfc2136` DNS challenge provider can be used to perform DNS challenges for
the [`acme_certificate`][resource-acme-certificate] resource with
[DNS Update (RFC2136)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136.html).

[resource-acme-certificate]: ../resources/certificate.md

For complete information on how to use this provider with the `acme_certifiate`
resource, see [here][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges].

[resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges]: ../resources/certificate.md#using-dns-challenges

## Example

```hcl
resource "acme_certificate" "certificate" {
  ...

  dns_challenge {
    provider = "rfc2136"
  }
}
```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments can be either passed as environment variables, or
directly through the `config` block in the
[`dns_challenge`][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenge-arg] argument in the
[`acme_certificate`][resource-acme-certificate] resource. For more details, see
[here][resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenges].

[resource-acme-certificate-dns-challenge-arg]: ../resources/certificate.md#dns_challenge

In addition, arguments can also be stored in a local file, with the path
supplied by supplying the argument with the `_FILE` suffix. See
[here][acme-certificate-file-arg-example] for more information.

[acme-certificate-file-arg-example]: ../resources/certificate.md#using-variable-files-for-provider-arguments

* `DNSUPDATE_NAMESERVER` - Network address in the form "host" or "host:port".

* `DNSUPDATE_DNS_TIMEOUT` - API request timeout in seconds (Default: 10).
* `DNSUPDATE_POLLING_INTERVAL` - Time between DNS propagation check in seconds (Default: 2).
* `DNSUPDATE_PROPAGATION_TIMEOUT` - Maximum waiting time for DNS propagation in seconds (Default: 60).
* `DNSUPDATE_SEQUENCE_INTERVAL` - Time between sequential requests in seconds (Default: 60).
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_ALGORITHM` - TSIG algorithm. See [miekg/dns#tsig.go](https://github.com/miekg/dns/blob/master/tsig.go) for supported values. To disable TSIG authentication, leave the `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_KEY` or `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_SECRET` variables unset..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_FILE` - Path to a key file generated by tsig-keygen.
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_KEYTAB_FILE` - Path to Kerberos keytab file. The TSIG algorithm must be `gss-tsig.`..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_PASSWORD` - Kerberos password. The TSIG algorithm must be `gss-tsig.`..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_REALM` - Kerberos realm. The TSIG algorithm must be `gss-tsig.`..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_USERNAME` - Kerberos username. The TSIG algorithm must be `gss-tsig.`..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_KEY` - Name of the secret key as defined in DNS server configuration. To disable TSIG authentication, leave the `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_KEY` variable unset..
* `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_SECRET` - Secret key payload. To disable TSIG authentication, leave the `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_SECRET` variable unset..
* `DNSUPDATE_TTL` - The TTL of the TXT record used for the DNS challenge in seconds (Default: 120).
* `DNSUPDATE_ZONES` - List of potential zones (separated by commas).

## TSIG-GSS / RFC3645 / Kerberos

To ease the usage of DNS Update in some environments, lego provides some aliases for RFC3645.

- `DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_REALM` is an alias on `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_REALM`
- `DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_USERNAME` is an alias on `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_USERNAME`
- `DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_PASSWORD` is an alias on `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_PASSWORD`
- `DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_KEYTAB_FILE` is an alias on `DNSUPDATE_TSIG_GSS_KEYTAB_FILE`

### Examples

```bash
# Using password

DNSUPDATE_NAMESERVER=127.0.0.1 \
DNSUPDATE_TSIG_ALGORITHM=gss-tsig. \
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_REALM=realm.example
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_USERNAME='xxx'
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_PASSWORD='yyy'
lego --dns dnsupdate -d '*.example.com' -d example.com run
```

```bash
# Using a keytab file.

DNSUPDATE_NAMESERVER="127.0.0.1" \
DNSUPDATE_TSIG_ALGORITHM=gss-tsig. \
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_REALM=realm.example \
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_USERNAME='xxx' \
DNSUPDATE_RFC3645_KEYTAB_FILE="/path/to/my.keytab" \
lego --dns dnsupdate -d '*.example.com' -d example.com run
```

